tidb: mark `tidb_mpp_store_fail_ttl` as deprecated (#21410)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

### tidb_mpp_store_fail_ttl

> **Warning:**
>

> > Starting from v9.0.0, this variable is deprecated and its value is fixed to `0s`. This means TiDB no longer waits before sending queries to newly started TiFlash nodes, as the delay is no longer necessary to prevent query failures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Starting from v9.0.0, this variable is deprecated and its value is fixed to `0s`. This means TiDB no longer needs to wait before sending queries to newly started TiFlash nodes, as delays are no longer necessary to prevent query failures.
```
